Added some wording to the specification regarding output paths (#190)
deislabs/cnab-spec: 101-bundle-json.md

    - `description`: Descriptive text for the field. Can be used to decorate a user interface. MUST be a string. (OPTIONAL)
    - `destination`: Indicates where (in the invocation image) the parameter is to be written (REQUIRED)
      - `env`: The name of an environment variable

>       - `path`: The fully qualified path to a file that will be created. Specified path MUST NOT be a subpath of /cnab/app/outputs.

Reviewer: Good catch!

Reviewer 2: nit: can you please format the path?

- The `credentials` container is a map of human-friendly credential names to a description of where the invocation image expects to find them.
  - The name key MUST be human-readable

>     - `path` describes the _absolute path within the invocation image_ where the invocation image expects to find the credential. Specified path MUST NOT be a subpath of /cnab/app/outputs.

Reviewer 2: nit: can you please format the path?

    - `multipleOf`: Output validation requiring that the resulting number be wholly divisible by the number specified. MUST be a number strictly greater than zero. (OPTIONAL)
    - `not`: Output validation requiring that the resulting value NOT match the specified schema. MUST be a JSON schema. (OPTIONAL)
    - `oneOf`: Output validation requiring that the resulting value match ONE of the specified schemas. MUST be a non-empty array of JSON schemas. (OPTIONAL)

>     - `path`: The fully qualified path to a file that will be created (REQUIRED). The path specified MUST be a subpath of /cnab/app/outputs.

Reviewer 3: I think the path needs to be a strict subpath of `/cnab/app/outputs`. If the path is equal to `/cnab/app/outputs`, something bad may happen.

Author: Yeah, that was the intent. Added _strict_ in front of subpath.

>     - `path`: The fully qualified path to a file that will be created (REQUIRED). The path specified MUST be a subpath of /cnab/app/outputs.

Reviewer 3: Do we allow distinct outputs to use the same `path` value? I hope not. Probably worth ruling this out with some "MUST NOT" wording.

Author: I added that this path must be unique.

>     - `path`: The fully qualified path to a file that will be created (REQUIRED). The path specified MUST be a _strict_ subpath of `/cnab/app/outputs` and MUST be unique for this output.

Reviewer 3: That isn't quite right. Of course, the path will be unique for this output because it's the only path for this output. I think the wording needs to be something like: "and MUST be distinct from the paths for all other outputs in this bundle.".

Reviewer 3: Added a suggestion instead.

>     - `path`: The fully qualified path to a file that will be created (REQUIRED). The path specified MUST be a _strict_ subpath of `/cnab/app/outputs` and MUST be unique for this output.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - `path`: The fully qualified path to a file that will be created (REQUIRED). The path specified MUST be a _strict_ subpath of `/cnab/app/outputs` and MUST be distinct from the paths for all other outputs in this bundle.
```
